---
layout: post
title: Day 38
---


## Model-View-Controller (MVC)   

Stand up this morning was a mixed bag, most people hating on CSS. I had posted a short clip of my RPS game on twitter late last night and some of the class had seen it and then looked at their own games and was worried their CSS skills weren't up to scratch. I did tell them that I had spent a good number of weeks looking at CSS and creating pure css images like a [nintendo switch](https://codepen.io/angelinalblyth/full/gGxBBQ/), so they shouldn't feel bad about their own CSS. Its not something you get taught a lot of here at CodeClan it seems and a lot of the stuff I have done took me lots of evenings.

The class was asked for some volunteers to go up and show the others their game, I went up and showed mines as I seemed to be the only one that did sort of image links instead of typing the player1s choice into the URL. Some did do a random computer generator for player2 which I did think about but I couldn't be bothered rewriting my code. That can be something for another day.

This mornings lessons started with going over the MVC particularly the Controller. We where shown how to do some html coding and the slack channel was flooded with CSS websites.

The lesson/lab/homework was going back to the Pizza Shop and building on it more, now with a front end that displayed certain customer, pizza order details. Managed to get through it all with not a lot of help until it was time to Edit then Update an Order. That stumped me and most of the rest for a good while. Wasnt until Cleyra was shown how to do it that I listened in and got it with some help from Richard.

Next we had to make it look good. I spent sometime aligning the customer details and the pizza orders but didn't put too much effort into it. I ended up spending the evening with a friend and we went to the cinemas and it was a much needed break from coding.
