---
layout: post
title: Day 33
---


## JOINS and CodeBar

Going over the homework from last night we learned how to 'ON DELETE CASCADE', which I can see coming in handy for a lot of tables.

We started todays lesson by going over some more one to many examples, we used star wars as a way to learn this with characters and their lightsabers to learn about joining tables. INNER, LEFT, RIGHT joins. All fairly straight forward code that I have used before, just takes a bit of time to get back into using SQL like that when in work I had some ui in front of the database.

We did some more Join practice by using zombies and characters from the Walking Dead to show relationships between each of the characters and potential zombie bites. No spoilers!

We then went over it all again with 'Quest Advisor', basically trip advisor and some table relationships. Quest Advisor was a many to many relationship so we had to do some joins to get all the information we needed back from the two tables.

Todays lab was to create our own IMDB application, with actors details and films. We had to have three tables, the starts, the films and then the castings. Found this exercise fun to do. The CRUD is becoming easier and easier to do. Just the more complex SELECT and JOIN statements that will need some more practice.

This evening was Glasgows first ever [CodeBar](https://codebar.io/). It is already up and running over in Edinburgh but there is a need for it over in Glasgow. Tonights session was mainly CodeClan students, but I am sure when word spreads about it it will get busier. Need to do some retweeting and sharing on social media for it. Depso who created CodeBar is such a lovely person, go to meet her last week at the Data Science event and was lovely to speak to her again this evening. Look forward to spending more time talking to her in the future.

I got to spend the time at CodeBar with Natasha who is a former student of CodeClan G2. I have met Natasha once before, at a [Ladies of Code](https://www.meetup.com/Ladies-of-Code-Glasgow/) late last year just as I was considering going to CodeClan. Natasha is lovely and we mostly spent out time chatting away, talking about the course and how it is ok to not know everything. She told me some stories of her time there and I was fascinated with what she is now working on. The application she is helping build looks awesome, and she was telling me about how she is getting on.

She also showed me some lovely photos from her wedding, she looked gorgeous and it looked like such a lovely personal day for her and her loved ones.
