---
layout: post
title: Day 23
---


## Start of week 2 @ CodeClan and our first look at Classes

So today is the start of week 2 @ CodeClan, again we started out today like every other day. We told everyone how we felt about the homework that we had during the weekend and how we felt doing into week 2. Still trying to be as honest and opened as I can here.

We took some time in the morning to talk to the staff 1 to 1 and to go over any of the issues we had. they said that I was in a good position, even if I don't feel like that it reassured me to just keep going.

On to the main lesson of the day and that is 'Introduction to Classes'. I found the lesson fairly straight forward and it made a lot of sense so I felt pretty good going into the labs in the afternoon. However that changed quickly. I got through lab A and B and then came to a complete stand still for lab C. I struggled along and got some help from someone else but their way of doing t looked so foreign and not even code that I couldn't get what it was they had. All their tests passed, I copied part of their test and method and it passed for me to but going any further just did not work for me. Speak to John, one of the instructors, he said to do something totally different and it was something we had done on Friday. This threw me even more as I thought the instructions from today where to not use that way of coding again as the new way was better, so perhaps I didn't pick everything up so easily.

I gave up trying to get it, even someone else showing me theirs, explaining how it worked and how mines that was slightly different would work, I still couldn't wrap my head around it. I ended up leaving out of frustration more than anything. I think I spent to long just starting at the same error message wishing for it to change to green.

I went to the gym to let go of some of it and that has helped. I don't know if I will take another look at the homework tonight, I need food, some away from a screen time and to give my brain a bit of a break. Going to go in a bit early tomorrow and see if I can do the rest of it with fresh eyes.

I think what is getting to me is I see others around me having sort of eureka moments and I am still struggling to ask a single question. I am sure it will get easier.
