---
layout: post
title: Day 19
---


## Debugging and TDD

Day 4 of CodeClan and the usual start to the morning is a standup, we have been lucky enough to do our stand-ups outside of the [Clockwise](https://workclockwise.co.uk/office-spaces-glasgow). Everyone seems to have the same thoughts/feelings or issues as the rest of us which is reassuring to hear that perhaps its not just you that is struggling.

Back in the class we went over last nights homework, there was one in particular that was a struggle for me and I just couldn't quite wrap my head around it so it was good to get a full explanation as to how to do it. There was also a few ways to do certain parts of the homework so I did take a note of what they where. I went back over them to see how they had done it differently to me, both producing the same answer but some looking a bit clearer than my own code.

We quickly moved onto TDD or Test Driven Development. Like most of the class if not all I had never done TDD. Whenever I had 'tested' code before I had either refreshed the screen to see if the element I was wanting to change had changed or reran the code to see if I got a different input. Not really getting the point yet about writing the test then the code but it is early days. We went over some debugging methods, how to read the error messages we get on our console. I do normally read the error messages but I never understand them and for a lot of them I don't think I ever will and it will involve a lot of me googling to find out if someone has had the same error message.

We didn't have any homework for tonight but we did have our first social event, we all headed over to a hotel near by, had some food some beers and got to meet up with Cohort G5 who have just started week 5. It was good to hear stories from them about how they coped, who had meltdowns, some of the issues we might run into, some of the projects we might build and of course that even after 8 weeks they are still saying that they are glad they took the plunge and started the course.

Heres to Friday and finding out how much weekend homework we will get. 
