---
layout: post
title: Day 26
---


## Pry, Snakes and Ladders and Intro to R

This morning at our stand up Melinda from CodeClan joined us, She only has positive things to say about Codeclan, some things we might experience and about our new office which should be ready in a week or two for us to move into. Looking forward to having possibly some more space to move around in while learning which will be good.

We then learnt about enumeration to help save us writing out lines of code, we could consolidate that down to one or two lines using this method. We went over this in the course on Codecademy, but to be honest I had completely forgotten about the method. It was almost like an ah! moment when we started it. We moved then onto learning to use Pry, which is an alternative to the irb that you can run from your command line. There seemed to be some issues with peoples pry installs which wouldn't allow them to do certain things or that they had something installed in Atom that was interfering with it. We looked at an error message on some prewritten code and used pry to try and solve the issue, I am looking forward to doing more with Pry and the error message that we went over, I have had that a few times so I really think it will come in handy.

After lunch we started to mob program a game in ruby, we are trying to make a snakes and ladders game. We started with the planning of classes and methods and then moved onto writing the different classes, and methods making sure to test as we went along. Everyone sort of shouted out ideas or suggestions for each part and it was good again to see how others saw the issues we faced either in design or implementation.

We will got pretty far, well I think we did and we will be continuing with it tomorrow in class, looking forward to seeing how it will work out.

After all that, I met up with some of the members of the Glasgow Coder Collective group to head to a Intro to R and Data Science event. This was hosted by Glasgow SQL User Group at The Garment Factory. Stephanie Locke of Locke Data was the speaker for the evening. The first half of the event the 'Intro to R' I found very interesting, R seems like a good tool to use. I really need to start back up on the statistic course I got into for Google. The second part the 'Data Science' talk was interesting but I didn't understand a large portion of it. Stephanie gave out a lot of good information on how to learn R which I will be researching this weekend when I get a chance.

I also got a chance to meet the founder of CodeBar, Despo. Glasgow is going to have its first CodeBar session on the 31st Of May, a few of us from CodeClan have already signed up and I am really looking forward to going. 

Week 2 is almost over, I am looking forward and also dreading to see what this weekends homework is going to be. ß
