---
layout: post
title: Day 20
---


## First week done

This first week of CodeClan has flown by so fast, feels like just yesterday I was meeting my cohort for the first time and now we are already a week in.

This morning started out in our standup by letting everyone know how we felt this first week, what we enjoyed, what we found difficult. I think this will be a good place to really open up about anything we are struggling with, and its a safe place.

One of the instructors from the other class went over how we can get a PDA with the course, by the sounds of it we do all the examples and criteria for it already while we are on the course, we only have to site a few exams. I am going to give it a bash.

We did our first foray into Mob Programming, I know that programmers in my work do this but I had always thought it sounded a bit stupid and didn't quite get the reason behind it. However, looking at the problem we had to solve people saying "What if we did this...", "Ah, ok so try this.." seems to get the coding momentum going, and if there was issues that arose someone had an idea on how to solve it. I personally didn't have much to contribute, I was still trying to figure out what it was that was being asked of us and there was already a few lines being written. I am not going to be put off by that, we all move at different paces.

After lunch we had a CodeClan alumni come in and give us a talk, he was part of E7 (Edinburgh) and finished the course over a year ago, by the sounds of it he has a fantastic job working for Registers of Scotland  and is enjoying every minute of it. He has even started dreaming in code, which I sort of cant wait for.

After lunch we where given this weekends homework. I was sort of dreading to see what it would be, especially after struggling the other night with a few of the problems. However looking over it quickly it didn't seem to daunting. Myself, Steven and Matt sort of did some pair/mob programming and managed to get through it all fairly quickly. There was a few of the tests that passed straight away by the code you had written for the previous test which made me doubt if the code was correct, but the others that I spoke to seemed to have the same thing happen to them. Glad I got it all done before I left for the weekend, weight off my shoulders. Now I think Ill go back to it perhaps Sat/Sun and refactor it and try and make it look a bit better.

Week 1's thought - I have really enjoyed this week, there has already been a few fleeting moments where I have thought to myself 'Am I really suited for this?' but it is too late now, I have already started it and I am not one for not finishing something. Just need to remember that there have been plenty of others that have thought that and gotten through it when I start to get frustrated again at myself.

Lets see what next week brings. 
