---
layout: post
title: Day 36
---


## Introduction to Web Programming (Sinatra)   

So it is already week 4 of CodeClan, its already flown in so much.

We started off going over the weekends homework as usual. Was good to see how to actually get past the error message I was getting all weekend. Few people had the same issues as me so that made me feel miles better too. We made sure to grab some screenshots for our PDA submission and write short descriptions on what it was we where doing in the screenshot.

We then had our first look at Sinatra this morning and how it uses words like get and post to push and pull things from a website.  We looked at how the internet actually works, different error messages you might see on websites. We also looked at the 'Inspect' and 'View Page Source' of different websites to see how they where all made up.

We then went through how to put things onto a site by making a simple calculator by entering the number we wanted to do the calculation on in our url. It all seems relatively easy so far but it is only day 1 of the week.

Homework today was to make a Rock Paper Scissors game in the browser along with a snazzy view and some CSS to make it looks good. I managed to get the logic for the game down pretty quickly and even did some TDD. I had a blast making the actual pages looks good. I spent a long time doing the CSS as it had to looks amazing and I think it does.

You can see it [here](https://github.com/angelinalblyth/Rock-Paper-Scissors). 
