---
layout: post
title: Day 41
---


## Projects have started

So our projects where given to us yesterday and I took a look at them for the first time today in class.

There are four to choose from -

1. Gym app - able to add members/classes and book members on classes
2. Gallery - Visitors are able to view artists and their exhibits and the gallery manager is able to add/edit artists/exhibits
3. Stock app - Able to see stock levels in a shop, add manufactures and see what is low on stock
4. Rental Store - Have a customer, some items you can rent and a customer should be able to rent these and these will go out for rental.

After a while of back and forth I went with the gym app and started my planning.

I wanted to do the basic CRUD actions with the members and the classes, I then wanted to make sure that I could add a member to a class so I had to make sure I had a bookings class that took in the members id and the class id. I also wanted to start thinking about limiting how many members could attend certain classes, give certain members a premium membership and they could have access to different time classes or added benefits.

I also worked on my user journeys, wireframes, class diagrams, object diagrams and felt like I am in a pretty decent place to start working on the project.

I was meant to be busy over this weekend but something happened after I went home that meant I could actually work late into the night and get my code started. By the end of the night I have all three classes done and all CRUD actions written. The database was seeded and my SQL statements where pulling back all the correct information.

Some of the people from the course are planning on going in tomorrow to work on their projects so with what happened tonight I will be heading in too so that I can get some help working on it.
