---
layout: post
title: Day 25
---


## Diagrams and heading to the Pub  

So again today started out with the usual standup. Everyone seemed to have the same issues with the homework last night on how to get the fish between the river then the bears belly but most peoples tests ran so thats all that matters *shrug*.

We went over the homework as usual, as I found that there was a few things that others did differently, not necessarily wrong but different.

We then went over diagrams and this reminded me of writing out databases, except that there was no key in any of the classes. Thinking of them as databases I think might help me in reminding me how each interact with each other.

For this afternoons lab we had a choice of making a pub, with a customer, drinks, food and the pub itself. Or, a Hangman game, where there was a player, a secret word and the player got to guess letters of the hidden word. If the player guessed a correct letter they could see the word with the letters, else the snowman melted with each incorrect guess. Me and Cleyra, opted for the pub as it seemed like the easier of the two. We actually got pretty far into the exercise before we had to ask for help, this was mainly for the optional problems so high five Cleyra if you are reading! *I actually wrote 'we are awesome on a git commit for us both'.

So there was no homework tonight as reward for the awful lab we had to endure. However, there is no rest for the wicked as me, Jack and Adri went to a event hosted at Clockwise by Startup Grind (hosted by Daniel). Here I actually met the CEO of CodeClan for the first time, Melinda. I didn't know what to expect going into the event as I honestly just signed up this morning but I was pleasantly surprised. The talk was mainly focused on diversity in the tech industry, main startups as that is the main audience. There was plenty of topics brought up and Melinda inputed her experience in the workplace into the questions asked. Melinda certainly has a presence about her, I was brought in and most of the things she talked about I could feel myself nodding along too, which is awesome, she is relatable, intriguing and have that experience that you need from someone that you want to run a business.

I am excited to see and hear more from Melinda and what she is doing to bridge the diversity gap. I know so many people that are so orientated with diversity that it seems like too much, this is a conversation I have had one different occasions and it is a thing but how do we  stop it going too diverse?

Anyway, theres no homework so I am heading to bed early and I am looking forward to tomorrows lessons in bringing it all together. 
