---
layout: post
title: Day 34
---


## Week 3 done!

Week 3 is over! Speaking to other people at CodeClan week 3 was meant to be the toughest learning curve. I found it rather enjoyable. I hope that me finding it enjoyable doesn't mean that I haven't taken any of it in and that I found it enjoyable because I already know SQL and I do enjoy getting data out of mass amounts of data. I first learned about SQL back at Glasgow Metro College, 10 years ago this year. That honestly makes me feel so old saying that. I enjoyed it back then and I still enjoy it now, back then however I learned on Oracle which I haven't used at all out in the working world. In work I would create SQL statements inside out ITSM tool which I think kept those skills sharp.

With CodeClan officially moving to the correct floor on Monday we didn't really have any lesson today. We where given our weekend homework which was to build a cinema, and left to our own devices. We all took a nosy up on the 6th floor where our new home is and it looks fab. Lots of nice open windows, lots of room to move around, they even have these wee pod things that only one person can fit into at a time. A wee escape room by the looks of it. Few of us joked that those rooms are for when you have your first mental break down.

This weekends homework is fairly straight forward, until you get to the Advanced extensions. Before leaving Codeclan this afternoon I managed to get the MVP and the Basic Extensions done and dusted. I didn't really look at it again after I left. Got a weekend of looking for a new flat which is getting more and more stressful. 
