---
layout: post
title: Day 52
---


## Enums, why?

So today we started out with learning Enums, with a deck of cards. If we use strings, we can't stop users passing invalid values. So the example we had with the suits of the cards, we would want 'Hearts' to be inputted or outputted, but some users might misspell 'Hearts', we can make sure this isn't the case with Enums. By defining what the correct values are we wont ever have a wrong input.

So this morning we make a Enum classes, with suits and rank. This set us up fairly well for this afternoons lab. Which was making a high low game from a deck of cards. This was paired programming. By the time this came around I was so done with the day. I was at such a low point I honestly just wanted to go home and go to bed and roll up into a ball and basically cry.

I was paired with Debi, and with the way I was feeling I was no help with the lab. I think we are pretty evenly paired and I don't think that was necessarily a good thing. We started out trying to make the deck of cards, there was no way in my frame of mind I was going to be able to think about how to do that. Even know after the fact, I still don't know if I could do it off the top of my head. We had to get John to come and help up, he talked us through the entire method to be able to get that. Even after that it didn't get any better, we wrote some tests, they passed but myself and Debi being some what the pessimists we asked if one of the instructors could look over the code we had written and sure enough it was completely wrong, another things to add to my ever growing list of 'Who you trying to kid on? You are never going to be able to do this.'. I have honestly never felt so stupid, and I really appreciated it when Emily came into the class with the Glasgow Mascot, a lovely fluffy lamb. Named Lamb-chop by myself.

Luckily our homework this even was to watch a video on Debugging in the IDE. This all seems slightly familiar to me, I am pretty sure I have used such tools before. A long long long time when I was in secondary school. I went home watched the video and went straight to my bed. I was so done.
