---
layout: post
title: Day 24
---


## Multiple classes

After the horribleness of yesterdays homework I was glad to hear that we would learn a way today to make all that easier. Like most days we started out going over the homework after our standup. I still don't get a few things, even when I went over it with one of the instructors it just wasn't sinking in so hopefully when was learnt later in the day does eventually.

So onto Multiple classes, we learned this by creating some musicians and if they had a specific instrument they played certain sounds. Next it was to take that instrument away from them and put it in their own class, seems simple enough. Then we had to create a band that called on the musicians and their instruments and again returned certain sounds. I can see what these are meant to do but I'm still struggling to come to terms with it.

I seemed to get on ok with the lab in the afternoon, making a bus, then some passengers and a bus stop for the bus to stop at. I started getting Method Not Found errors on my tests and I had no clue how to get around it. In the end it was something as simple as a spelling error, which I am getting a lot. The last challenge I just could not get without one of the instructors sitting down with me and going through it point my point.

Then it was time for homework, looking over it seemed fairly straight forward so I just headed home via the gym to work on it.

Not long finished it, I kept getting the same error I was getting this morning and it was the NoMethodFound nameofmethod. Had to ask for some help on that one as I could not got the life of me see what I was missing or what was spelled incorrect. Luckily someone was able to help me over slack which was appreciated. Tomorrows lesson seems to be on diagrams, hopefully that explains a bit more about how all the separate files are all joined together. 
